we are partying and soup Friday
of fish
fish soup
to such state
it's good for Friday he cited for the
Thursday between to cure the raw for
make base for the girls continue
Friday community
indeed it can be high the
Monday has a name I do not know is that I
good from Monday to Monday on Tuesday and
link on Wednesday and hear on Wednesday
have a Wednesday
since not here they are already becoming
women
Navel serra
that is all
Friday on Saturday and Sunday until
madrid sunday and sunday with i
let's make a soup for Sunday
no more the ingredients of this
delicious fish broth for this
recipe potatoes water we will use
2 tablespoons of olive oil if
you so require 2 teeth of
sliced garlic two guajillo chiles without
seeds and chopped two large chiles and
half onion seeds and slices
filleted 4 tomatoes without seeds and in
Half moons 400 grams of fillet
white fish in pieces salt to taste
one and a half liters of water three twigs
of laurel four branches of pasota and
four branches of coriander let's put
the garlic now the onion
the chilero that is difficult today
You really know catatonic
nothing happens and the other chili
and then we will also put
complicated tomatoes and I take care of my
health with play version because I also
the truth, tell us how you care
health is easy, it's easy to take care
of our health configure tell me about
what do we do with any other
pan you can make and this is cooking
without oil as we mentioned without oil
well we do it with fred burton and this
we owe it to the material with the
made the pans that is this layer
non-stick flavors thorne is a
wonder if you want simple cooking
complement the only thing that you have to
do is throw or put to cook what
you like everything you want you can
cooking be tenés and you will do it without
a single drop of fat meter is
wonderful nothing sticks is it
sensational cooking with these pans
let's change the eating habit
how good they are not going to realize what
only thing they have to do is cook
They are fervently forgetting about oil and
follow every day
Well, you can see that if they are right ,
flavor is going to be better because no longer
let's go to the food they are not going to know
oil but if you know a little bit he said no
it is but it knows not because we use
from boston on its outside there are people who do not
use that taste and that is not due to
amount of fat that you have to
to make a pan it seems you're selling it
the chaya are really that a faction
area I really invite you to do the
proof they will not regret and we are
so sure that flavor works so
so dor me is that we guarantee our
pots for life of pans have
guarantee for a lifetime because they are
quality frying pans is a product
sensational works well it works like
must be and they will not regret
truth call, order flavors ton
clean play boston is very easy let's pray
for the same reason nothing sticks
then the cleanliness is of flying is very
simple a trickle of water no longer
you need fibers you do not need soaps,
you need to be soaking your pans
think about how many hours to be
Take off what you have cooked
true that I do not complete anymore what
you need
the super conductive layer of those
pans is a wonder heated
Very fast the pan is heated evenly
it distributes all the heat well
parejito by all the frying pan then
you can cook much faster because
all the pan to be very hot
and nothing that over here if there is not
that already - please order your pans
flay boston I really know
I recommend and if the farmers or year
you will regret the day we
it's already Friday the week is ending
it's not over there is the weekend
and we have a special promotion for
seasoning so there's already less because
all the people who call us the day
today improve and order your pans that
Boston are going to take a pan to
sauté a deep pan and its lid
tempered glass this stage is left to
both pans and they really are the
they carry an exclusive price for seasoning
net yes but also
As we said before, we are going to close the
week today so the
first 100 people to call us and
order these frying pans take
completely free and as a gift
recetario flavor store or recipes
delicious very easy to prepare and
also this pan
Gift this pan well and less than 100
people are going to take these 2
Giveaways when ordering your pans
but what do you think more if today
we give ourselves the luxury of giving a discount
today in the atheist discount that you think
ok of Friday's goods then we're going
to see discount for Friday as well
that for the next 15 minutes
all the people who call us and
order your battery flowers ton what do you
They look like 1,300 pesos discount 1300
maricela discount and are thousand 300
weights 15 minutes so call us
while and after discount and what do you
seems to give them a little gift more
a super cat knife
every university this also goes free
during the next 15 minutes is a
knife to cut all kinds of
vegetables all kinds of fruits nothing you
oxid does not lose its edge and also comes
accompanied by a multi-purpose table
meter this table is very good check
speech can sting notice is
easy to picas everything you want
on your board
but also what you already apply you
You can transport in this same table and
It also has holes for everything
that runs off and do not get hooked, nothing
It's great and today it's given as a gift
take advantage of 15 minutes 1300 pesos of
discount and they also take the super lo
you can change habits change the
it is very easy to complement you were born and anaya
take those that you took advantage of yes
clear let's go a cut do not go to
to return